Proposed Code of Conduct Updates for November 2025 (#1192)
cncf/foundation: code-of-conduct.md

* Unwelcome physical contact
* Unwelcome sexual or romantic attention or advances
* Using CNCF projects or community spaces for political campaigning or promotion of political causes 
  that are unrelated to the advancement of cloud native technology. To clarify, this policy does not restrict individuals' personal attire, including attire that expresses personal beliefs or aspects of identity

> * The solicitation or encouragement of harmful mass criticism against an individual

Author: ```suggestion
* The solicitation or encouragement of targeted harassment or dog-piling against an individual
```
